# Vision Statement 

Event Ease is a platform that connects event planners and vendors, enabling anyone to plan an event like a professional and providing vendors with a source of clients. Event Ease can be used by any individual that wants to coordinate events like socials, weddings, fundraisers, festivals and more. Vendors provide all the services needed for a successful event and communicate with planners looking to hire them. Some vendor services include venues, music, catering, and decorations.

Event Ease helps event planners in organizing event details such as location, vendors, and the guest-list. The user will be able to add events to their planner, track the event details, and freely modify the event details and categorize their potential vendors.

Event Ease maintains a collection of approved vendor profiles for users to browse and select for their events. Vendor profiles describe the services, availability and cost of services the vendor provides. Both vendors and planners will have profiles with ratings and reviews. When inquiring with a vendor, the user can track the progress of their agreement, whether that be the vendor declining or accepting a request, requiring contracts or documentation, or updating the status of an order.  Active vendor inquiries will be visible to the user when viewing the event details.

Other features of Event Ease give the user the option to create a schedule of their event logistics and/or create a budget for each event. Having these features in the app encourages the user to fully engage their planning through the app, minimizing their mental load compared to using multiple planning tools.

With Event Ease, the event planner can manage the guest list by recording food restrictions, accessibility accommodations and other comments from the guests. With this information, the event planner can coordinate with vendors who are able to accommodate those restrictions .
Event Ease aims to increase efficiency in the planning process by containing all necessary information in one application. Event Ease will make sure that an event is feasible by checking the information the planner has entered and notifying them of any conflicts such as scheduling issues or budget overages when considering vendors. This improves coordination between planners and vendors by reducing the time it takes to contact a vendor via phone or email. It will also allow them to see the current status of their event at any time.

Accountability will be enforced between planners and vendors through a rating system. The user can make informed decisions on vendors by considering ratings from other users.  All this will give planners using the Event Ease a piece of mind when they know a vendor is reliable and credible. Vendors who use the app can leverage their connection with planners to increase their revenue and conversion rate.

Event Ease will be considered a success if the growth of new users increases by 5% each month within the first year. We will know that the users are consistently engaging with the app and planning events if the number of events created and completed each month exceeds 500. Also, if 20% of users are active on the app daily, this confirms that Event Ease is a useful tool for planners. To ensure the planners will maintain a positive experience with vendors, Event Ease aims to have 75% of registered vendors with ratings between 4 and 5 stars.
